Robinson Crusoe was born into a respectable merchant family, with a desire to sail and a desire to see the world. Unbeknown to his parents, [10] he sailed to London, where he bought some fake beads, toys, and other business in Africa.
On the fourth voyage, the ship hit the reef in a storm on the way, and all the companions on board were killed,
only Robinson survived and drifted to a deserted island alone. He built a raft from the masts of the sunken ships,
carried the ship's food, clothes, guns and ammunition to shore again and again,
and set up a tent on the side of the hill to settle down. Then he put a fence around his tent with sharpened stakes and dug a hole behind it to live.
He survived the initial difficulties by making furniture such as tables and chairs with simple tools, hunting game for food,
and drinking fresh water from streams.
He began to grow barley and rice on the island,
made wood mortar, pestle and sieve, processed flour and baked rough bread.
He captured and domesticated ibex to breed. He also made pottery and so on,
to ensure his life needs.
A "country house" and a breeding farm were also built on the other side of the island.
In spite of this, Robinson has not given up looking for a way to leave the island.
He cut down a big tree and made a canoe in five or six months,
but the boat was too heavy to be dragged out to sea,
so he abandoned all his efforts and built a smaller boat.
Robinson lived alone on the island for 15 years, one day,
he found a footprint on the shore of the island. Before long,
he found traces of human bones and fires,
and it turned out that a group of wild men on the outer island had held a human meat feast here.
Robinson was astonished. Since then he has remained vigilant and more aware of his surroundings.
It was not until the 24th year that another group of wild men came to the island,
bringing with them captives who had been sacrificed to be killed and eaten.
When Robinson found out, he rescued one of them. Because that day was Friday,
Robinson named the rescued captives "Friday."
Since then, "Friday" has become Robinson's loyal servant and friend.
Then, Robinson took "Friday" to rescue a Spaniard and "Friday's" father.
Soon there is a British ship moored near the island, the sailors on board the mutiny,
the captain and other three abandoned on the island, Robinson and "Friday" to help the captain to subdue the rebellious sailors,
retake the ship. He left the sailors on the island and returned to England with Friday and the captain.
Robinson had been away from home for 35 years (and had lived on the island for 28 years).
He married in England and had three children. After the death of his wife,
Robinson once again went to sea for business, passing the desert island where he had lived,
while the sailors and Spaniards who had stayed on the island had settled and multiplied.
Robinson sent some new immigrants, gave them the land on the island,
and left them with all kinds of daily necessities, and left the island satisfied.